---
inFeed: true
description: >-
  Make more informed decisions with Google Analytics. Empowered with the right
  information, you’ll be equipped to shoot specifically tailored messages,
  straight to your target audiences, at the right point in their supporter
  journey. By clearing roadblocks on the engagement pathway, our team will guide
  you in converting potential supporters, into committed supporters.
dateModified: '2017-11-01T22:59:50.125Z'
datePublished: '2017-11-01T22:59:50.415Z'
title: Our Focus
author: []
publisher: {}
via: {}
sourcePath: _posts/2017-11-01-our-focus.md
starred: false
datePublishedOriginal: '2017-11-01T22:52:10.083Z'
_type: Blurb

---
# Our Focus

## GOOGLE ANALYTICS

Make more informed decisions with Google Analytics. Empowered with the right information, you'll be equipped to shoot specifically tailored messages, straight to your target audiences, at the right point in their supporter journey. By clearing roadblocks on the engagement pathway, our team will guide you in converting potential supporters, into committed supporters.

## GOOGLE AD GRANTS

Reach and engage your supporters through online advertising with AdWords. With Google Ad Grants, you can promote your organisation's website on Google with in-kind AdWords advertising to the value of US$10000/month

## GOOGLE ADWORDS

Google Search Advertising with your Ad Grant is just the beginning. Target new supporters across the Google Display Network via demographics and interest-based audiences. Politely follow chosen subsets of your website\\'s users around the internet with Remarketing.

## GOOGLE TAG MANAGER

All this Analytics, Adwords, GDN Remarketing and third party tagging can get complicated, especially for organisations juggling multiple front-end legacy systems and external developers. Google Tag Manager changes all this., replacing it with a Google Tag Manager Container to dynamically insert tags in your site's pages. Digital Agency will help with your Google Tag Manager deployment to ensure your organisation is collecting and utilising all the data you need.